Appendix A: Listing of evaluated items
Items designed to measure dispositional autonomy (coded DA#):
All items measuring this construct use the rating scale “Reflect me?” (Vagias 2006).
1 – Very untrue of me, 2 – Untrue of me, 3 – Neutral, 4 – True of me, 5 – Very true of me
1.	When I think of memories of moments when I was alone, I feel mostly negative emotions. (reverse scored)
2.	When I’m alone, I usually get all my work done.
3.	I get more done working on a team rather than working alone. (reverse scored)
4.	In a public place, I would get more work done with headphones on so that I’m not distracted.
5.	I’d be more content working in my own office rather than having a desk in an open plan office.
6.	When I finish a hard job, I feel great about myself.
7.	I’d rather read a book than go to a party.
8.	I know that I can solve any problem I put my mind to.
9.	It’s easier to make the right decision when everyone discusses the options. (reverse scored)
10.	I know what’s best for myself.

Items designed to measure conscientiousness (coded CO#):
All items measuring this construct use the rating scale “Reflect me?” (Vagias 2006).
1 – Very untrue of me, 2 – Untrue of me, 3 – Neutral, 4 – True of me, 5 – Very true of me
1.	I do dishes right away after I finish eating.
2.	My taxes are always turned in early.
3.	If the police ever pulled me over, I would know exactly where all the documents they want to see are.
4.	Knowing a job is done right helps me sleep better.
5.	It’s ok if one part of the job isn’t quite right, if the rest of the steps are finished. (reverse scored)
6.	Even if there’s an old way to something, I can often find a better way the first time. (reverse scored)
7.	I get better results asking for forgiveness after doing something rather than asking permission beforehand. (reverse scored)
8.	Sometimes I don’t have time to get everything done I’m supposed to. (reverse scored)
9.	Rules are rules, and if I don’t like them I’ll need to change them the right way.
10.	Getting the job done for the good of the company makes me feel like I’m valuable.

Items designed to measure locus of control (coded LC#):
All items measuring this construct use the rating scale “Level of Agreement” (Vagias 2006).
1 – Strongly Disagree, 2 – Disagree, 3 – Neutral, 4 – Agree, 5 – Strongly agree
1.	If I work hard, I can reach any goal I set.
2.	Trophies and titles at work are very valuable to me. (reverse scored)
3.	If I don’t know the answer to a question, I can usually find it.
4.	I feel great when I find a way to complete a task more quickly than I could before.
5.	For me to feel like I won, someone else must also lose. (reverse scored)
6.	Most bosses are in that role because they know the best way to do the job of the people they are managing. (reverse scored)
7.	I give excellent advice.
8.	I often laugh at my own jokes.
